Dad, you have to call the shots for me?
Are you the head of the Fang family?
You should ask your daughter.
What did he do?
Ye Linghan, you white-eyed wolf
Eat my family's clothes and wear my family's clothes
You live a disorderly life
Steal men everywhere
My son just divorced you
I didn't expect you not only don't want to repent
He also ran to the gap banquet to beat people and make trouble
It is. It is.
Just because of his strength, he doesn't have to break through and squeeze it well
Still a shameless grade
Yes, Dad
He is shameless
He also hit me
Will you call the shots for me?
Infidelity in marriage
Dare to hit Miss Fang
Such a shameful person should be beaten here
Wolfengchi feast
Must be extended to police kill by time difference
I have to give my daughter an explanation for this.
Father-in-law, don't worry.
Navigate, thank you for being so kind to you all these years
I thought you were just out there stealing men
But I didn't expect you to be so vicious
OK
That's good. You're just like your mother.
Bloody, right?
Before this Fengxi banquet starts
See your face clearly
I should thank you.
You should never be gentle and virtuous
Knowledgeable age hands-on
We set a lifetime just because we are in love
Is it so hard to fulfill us?
Ah!
Apologize to Fang Lin immediately
I think for the sake of our husband and wife
Let my future father-in-law raise his hand
So far
I have done my best
Do your best
The words came out of your mouth
dirty
Ye Ninghan, can't you see criminal clearly?
The size of this feast is that the protagonist is stubborn
Only a dead end
Then even your grave will be spurned
Do you want to die?
Just kneel down and apologize to my daughter
Kneel down quickly
Kneel down now
Must kneel
Kneel down
kneel
All of your lives together
Can't stand me